README.md, before:

# eve

This repository contains code and results for the paper

**Eve: A Gradient Based Optimization Method with Locally and Globally Adaptive
Learning rate**<br>
[Hiroaki Hayashi](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~hiroakih/)<sup>\*</sup>,
[Jayanth Koushik](https://jayanthkoushik.github.io)<sup>\*</sup>,
[Graham Neubig](http://phontron.com)<br>
(\* equal contribution)

## Setup
A conda environment to run experiments can be created by running

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

The environment is activated/deactivated using

```bash
source activate eve
source deactivate eve
```

Note that this environment is not sufficient to generate figures;
that requires a latex installation. For figures, the provided docker file could
be more convenient. It does not support GPUs however, and is not suitable for
running experiments except for debugging. Refer to the Docker docks for details
on using images. The gist is that the image is created by running

```bash
docker build -t <image name>
```

at the root of the repository. Then launch a container with the image using

```bash
docker run --rm -it -v <repository root dir>:/project
```

This will put you in a Ubuntu environment where `/project` is the root of the
repository.

Commit message:

Remove docker, fix dependencies, update readme

README.md, after:

# eve

This repository contains code and results for the paper

**Eve: A Gradient Based Optimization Method with Locally and Globally Adaptive Learning Rate**<br>
[Hiroaki Hayashi](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~hiroakih/)<sup>\*</sup>,
[Jayanth Koushik](https://jayanthkoushik.github.io)<sup>\*</sup>,
[Graham Neubig](http://phontron.com)<br>
(\* equal contribution)

## Setup
A conda environment to run experiments can be created by running

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

The environment is activated/deactivated using

```bash
source activate eve
source deactivate eve
```

A suitable Keras backend is required for GPU support. Refer to [the documentation](https://keras.io/#installation)
for instructions.

## Code
A Keras implementation of the algorithm is in `eve/optim/eve.py`. The `Eve`
class in this file can be passed to the `model.compile` method in Keras (using
the `optimizer` argument).

Scripts for the various experiments are inside `eve/exp/runners`. Run these
scripts from the root directory, as such:

```bash
python -m eve.exp.runners.compsched --help
```

The help command provides information about choices for the various arguments.
Learning rate schedules and datasets are referred to by their class names
(in `eve/exp/lrscheds.py` and `eve/exp/datasets.py` respectively). Arguments to
these classes are passed through the command line as json strings. Refer to
the paper for values used in our experiments.

## Citation
    @article{hayashi2017eve,
      title={Eve: A Gradient Based Optimization Method with Locally and Globally Adaptive Learning Rate},
      author={Hayashi, Hiroaki and Koushik, Jayanth and Neubig, Graham},
      journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1611.01505},
      year={2017}
    }
